Update add-another-email-alias-for-a-user.md (#12515)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/email/add-another-email-alias-for-a-user.md

### Did you get "This user is synchronized with your local Active Directory. Some details can be edited only through your local Active Directory" message?

> If you get this error message it means that you need to add the alias in your on-premises Active Directory. Open **Active Directory** > **Right Click on the user account you would like to Edit** > **Properties** > **Attribute Editor** > **Proxyaddresses** > **Add the desired alias** and wait for it to sync to Azure Active directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get this error message it means that you need to add the alias in your on-premises Active Directory. Open Azure Active Directory and select the user account you would like to edit. Select **Properties** > **Attribute Editor** > **Proxyaddresses** and add the required alias, then wait for it to sync to Azure Active directory.
```
